Komentari vezani za git komande.

1.2. 
[git config --global user.name "Ime Prezime"], [git config --global user.email ime.prezime@example.com]
	
	The first thing you should do when you install Git is to set your user name and e-mail address. 
	This is important because every Git commit uses this information, and it’s immutably baked into 
	the commits you start creating. You need to do this only once if you pass the --global option, 
	because then Git will always use that information for anything you do on that system. 
	If you want to override this with a different name or e-mail address for specific projects, 
	you can run the command without the --global option when you’re in that project.

3.
git config --global core.editor emacs

	 you can configure the default text editor that will be used when Git needs you to type in a message. 
	 If not configured, Git uses your system’s default editor, which is generally Vim. 
	 If you want to use a different text editor, such as Emacs, you can do command above.

4.
git config --list

	If you want to check your settings, you can use the git config --list command to list all the settings.

5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
git diff

	To see what you’ve changed but not yet staged, type git diff with no other arguments.

10.
git diff --staged
	
	If you want to see what you’ve staged that will go into your next commit, 
	you can use git diff --staged. This command compares your staged changes to your last commit.
	(--staged and --cached are synonyms)

11.
12.
git rm filename

	To remove a file from Git, you have to remove it from your tracked files 
	(more accurately, remove it from your staging area) and then commit. 
	The git rm command does that, and also removes the file from your working 
	directory so you don’t see it as an untracked file the next time around.

13.
git rm --cached filename

	Another useful thing you may want to do is to keep the file in your working tree 
	but remove it from your staging area. In other words, you may want to keep the file 
	on your hard drive but not have Git track it anymore. This is particularly useful 
	if you forgot to add something to your .gitignore file and accidentally staged it, 
	like a large log file or a bunch of .a compiled files. To do this, use the --cached option.